automation/runnable/MyFirstTest.java
 automation.runnable.MyFirstTest
automation/core/properties/TestProperties.java
 automation.core.properties.TestProperties
automation/util/RandomString.java
 automation.util.RandomString
automation/runnable/DemoTest.java
 automation.runnable.DemoTest
automation/runnable/MySecondTest.java
 automation.runnable.MySecondTest
automation/core/SeleneseTest.java
 automation.core.SeleneseTest
automation/pom/siit/ProgramsPage.java
 automation.pom.siit.ProgramsPage
automation/util/LoggerUtil.java
 automation.util.LoggerUtil
automation/pom/siit/CommunityPage.java
 automation.pom.siit.CommunityPage
automation/core/logging/Screenshot.java
 automation.core.logging.Screenshot
automation/core/listeners/TestEventListener.java
 automation.core.listeners.TestEventListener
automation/pom/siit/StudentGuidePage.java
 automation.pom.siit.StudentGuidePage
automation/core/WaitElement.java
 automation.core.WaitElement
automation/core/logging/HtmlLayout.java
 automation.core.logging.HtmlLayout
 automation.core.logging.HtmlLayout$1
 automation.core.logging.HtmlLayout$Builder
automation/runnable/DemoTest2.java
 automation.runnable.DemoTest2
automation/util/CollectionUtil.java
 automation.util.CollectionUtil
automation/pom/epizy/ForgotPasswordPage.java
 automation.pom.epizy.ForgotPasswordPage
automation/pom/siit/ApplyToCoursePage.java
 automation.pom.siit.ApplyToCoursePage
 automation.pom.siit.ApplyToCoursePage$1
automation/runnable/LoginTest.java
 automation.runnable.LoginTest
automation/pom/AbstractPageObject.java
 automation.pom.AbstractPageObject
automation/pom/siit/constants/ITKnowledge.java
 automation.pom.siit.constants.ITKnowledge
automation/core/browser/Browser.java
 automation.core.browser.Browser
 automation.core.browser.Browser$1
automation/pom/siit/TestCenterPage.java
 automation.pom.siit.TestCenterPage
automation/core/Verifier.java
 automation.core.Verifier
automation/pom/siit/PodcastPage.java
 automation.pom.siit.PodcastPage
temp/TestClass.java
 temp.TestClass
automation/pom/siit/menu/MainMenu.java
 automation.pom.siit.menu.MainMenu
automation/pom/siit/ContactPage.java
 automation.pom.siit.ContactPage
automation/util/StringUtil.java
 automation.util.StringUtil
automation/pom/siit/constants/EnglishLevel.java
 automation.pom.siit.constants.EnglishLevel
automation/pom/epizy/HomePage.java
 automation.pom.epizy.HomePage
automation/pom/siit/constants/Occupation.java
 automation.pom.siit.constants.Occupation
automation/core/browser/BrowserSession.java
 automation.core.browser.BrowserSession
automation/core/browser/BrowserName.java
 automation.core.browser.BrowserName
automation/util/Event.java
 automation.util.Event
automation/core/logging/MessageLogger.java
 automation.core.logging.MessageLogger
automation/core/watchers/OutcomeTestWatcher.java
 automation.core.watchers.OutcomeTestWatcher
automation/pom/siit/BlogPage.java
 automation.pom.siit.BlogPage
automation/pom/siit/AbstractBaseWebsitePage.java
 automation.pom.siit.AbstractBaseWebsitePage
automation/core/properties/Settings.java
 automation.core.properties.Settings
automation/pom/epizy/LoginPage.java
 automation.pom.epizy.LoginPage
automation/runnable/LoginTests.java
 automation.runnable.LoginTests
